Review abstracts in Admin (#5003)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_increasing-the-logging-level-for-smart-proxy.adoc

= Increasing the logging level for {SmartProxy}

[role="_abstract"]

> Increase {SmartProxy} logging to `debug` to capture detailed proxy activity when troubleshooting communication between {ProjectName} and managed hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase {SmartProxy} logging to `debug` to capture detailed {SmartProxy} activity when troubleshooting communication between {Project} and hosts.
```

Author: Do we need a Vale rule to report the string `managed hosts`?

Reviewer: No, because it's still a valid concept in Foreman. But for most cases, it's irrelevant.
